Improving README (#3)
vtex-apps/tax-protocol-example: docs/README.md

## Clients
In this example, there are a few clients implemented for you to use.
- `Checkout`: used to configure the tax service in the Checkout

> - `Logistics`: it has a single method that can be use to fetch information about docks, using its id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Logistics`: it has a single method that can be used to fetch information about docks.
```

```

### Provider to VTEX

> In this example, we focus on a sync request done by the provider to the checkout. In that case, it's also possible to implement a parser in order to put the payload in the format that the checkout expects. One can find an example of the expected format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we focus on a synchronous (??) request made by the provider to Checkout. It's also possible to implement a parser to map the received payload to the format expected by Checkout. One can find an example of the expected format:
```

`One can find an example of the expected format` -> não entendi bem se isso é um example recebido ou parseado

It is important to emphasize that for the first two endpoints to work, you **must** have the tax service configured in your account, which can be done by using the third endpoint explained below.

> - `taxSimulation`: responsible for simulating a checkout request for tax calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `taxSimulation`: responsible for simulating a Checkout request for tax calculation.
```

> - `orderInvoice`: public route to be use to commit the taxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `orderInvoice`: public route to send the taxes.
```
